Lesson, we're gonna
be checking out
modals and how we
can use modals.
So how we can set Close
buttons within the modals,
set the header, the content,
and the footer content
for the modal in order to
structure the modals so that
they appear nicely
within the page.
We're creating a modal
component within Bootstrap.
We need to have two
pieces for the modal.
One is going to be the
button that gets pressed,
that's going to
open up the modal.
So give this one a class,
and I'm going to just
set this as a button.
So we'll use a div
and this will open.
Whenever it gets clicked,
it will open the modal object.
And it needs some attributes.
So it needs the data
toggle attribute
and setting the
toggle to be modal.
And also it needs
the data BS target.
So this is going to be
the target of the modal.
I'll just create one
called mole mod one,
using the hash to indicate
that this is going to
be an id value that we're
going to be collecting.
Here. We can just say open
mod one and save that.
So it's going to add a button.
Right now that's button's
not gonna do anything.
And then to set the
modal so the modal
doesn't have to sit within
the main container.
It can sit outside of
the main container
as this is gonna be
a pop-up window
that's gonna show
up whenever the
button is clicked.
So let's go ahead and
we're gonna set and
create the components
for the modal.
So setting up the class and
set the class as a modal,
and then give it an ID.
And that ID needs to match
with whatever we
set for the target.
As you can have multiple modals
when within Bootstrap as
you're creating these modals,
in order to create some
dialogue within the modal.
Let's give it a class.
And this is where
the modal dialogue
is going to set modal dialogue.
Within the dialogue.
Let's set up the content.
We can have a modal
content option
and give this one a class
for the modal dash content.
All of the content for
the modal is gonna
be shown in here.
So you can create
some structure for
the modal that's using the head,
the body, and the footer.
You don't have to use these.
But it makes the modal
look a lot nicer.
So I typically will use them.
We've got the modal header,
and this is where all
the head content can go.
There's also the modal body.
And of course, this is where
the body content would go.
For the modal.
This is where you'd have
probably quite a
bit of contents,
so you can structure
it in any one of
the elements are using some
of the Bootstrap classes.
Then the last one is going to be
the footer for the modal.
So this is where footer
content can go for the modal.
You might have
something where you
want to close the modal.
So let's create a button
and set this up as
a type button and
give it a class.
What this will do is this is
going to close the Modal,
Modal primary in
order to close it.
And it's going to use
the attribute data BS,
dismiss, which will allow it to
close the modal object
whenever the modal is open.
And we'll just give it a,
some text in there to be closed.
So we click the modal,
there's our close button
that serve content.
This is the footer.
And then we don't have any
tax jet for the header.
The header, you can apply
some additional structure.
Let's set h1, h2.
And this can be the modal title.
And I'll just type
heading there.
In the modal opens up,
There's our heading content.
You can have additional
options there as well.
You can also have a
button to close it.
You can put these
buttons as needed.
So typically you will
find them in the
header or the footer.
Typically, you might not
have both, but you can.
So that is an option.
So what this will do is
this is going to just
close the modal content.
You can also use a class
in order to do that.
So instead of the button object,
we can set this
as a button close
class that will give
the x automatically and do
the styling for the modal.
You can also set for the modal
to feed within the parent.
Set it to fade.
That feeding effect that you
see there within the modal.
You can do it with or
without the animation.
There's also different modal
sizes that you can set.
And that set within
the modal dialog where we've
got the modal dialogue,
we can set different
modal sizes.
Default size, but if you want
a small size for the modal,
you can set it as
a smaller size.
And this is also going to scale
depending on the
size of the window.
It's always gonna be a
small size for the modal.
There's also a large
size for the modal.
And this is dependent on
how much content that
you're going to have.
There's also an
extra large size for
the modal size that's
represented with a
class of modal XL.
That's going to preside the
largest size for the modal.
You can also do a modal
as a full-screen.
Let's actually going to
be the largest size for
the modal that opens up in,
that just opens up
whatever the full screen
of the window is.
See if a ton of content
for your modal you
can use the full screen version.
You can also use a centered
class for the modal.
Let's actually add
another modal.
You have an option to have
multiple modals and set this
one and link it to mod two.
And we'll use the success.
This one's going to
open up mod two.
When you click it, it
doesn't open anything.
As we don't have anything
yet set for the mod to
copy what we have for mod
one that we can use
this for mod two.
It's going to open
up the mod two,
and right now it's
set to full screen.
Let's update the mod
one for the dialogue.
Let's sit the modal dialog
and set that to centered.
That's an option to center
the modal dialog where it's
centers that instead of
having it up at the top,
it's going to center it within
the content vertically,
as opposed to if we just
do the regular one.
Let me get rid of the
full screen option.
And that's going to bring it
at the top of the content.
And the centers that at
the center of the page.
Those are some of
the options that
you can have for modals.
If you had some
additional buttons.
So let's say you had
an input form or
something like that.
For this, we can set
this as success.
I'll update this
one to be danger.
So you have multiple
buttons there.
And maybe this one can say Save.
And we just need to remove
out that these ones
aren't going to be
dismissing the modal.
So whatever button you
have the modal dismiss,
that's going to automatically be
set to dismiss the modal.
These ones won't close it.
Although the close
button will close it.
So that's how you can
have multiple buttons.
You can use the various
components within
the Bootstrap classes in
order to structure it.
So you can even add in a grid
within the modal pop-ups.